use ecr public instead of region-specific images (#65)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator: README.md

watch -c -- make get-nodes-status
```

### Image Region

`update-operator.yaml` pulls operator images from the `us-west-2` region.
To pull from a different region, replace the image endpoint to point at one of the following endpoints.

> This is not required, but pulling the image from the same region as your cluster will improve the download speed.

Reviewer: Rather than deleting this entirely, I think it'd be better to leave in the regional repositories but change the way they're described here.  ECR Public isn't yet available through [PrivateLink](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/), so some people might still want to use the regional ECR repositories.

  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.ca-central-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com
  - 586180183710.dkr.ecr.eu-south-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com
  - 509306038620.dkr.ecr.me-south-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.sa-east-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.us-west-1.amazonaws.com
  - 328549459982.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com

### Current Limitations

- pod replication & healthy count is not taken into consideration (https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/issues/502)
- nodes update without pause between each node (https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/issues/503)
- single node cluster degrades into unscheduleable on update (https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/issues/501)
- node labels are not automatically applied to allow scheduling (https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/issues/504)

> 

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to delete this part?

Author: Yes. I think we have issues open to track them, so removing them might reduce works on maintaining this part.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I don't know. Maybe we shouldn't remove these disclaimers while they are still true? @samuelkarp what do you think?

Reviewer 3: These should stay until we've fixed them so that someone who is new to the project can easily see where the gaps are. But we do need to make sure we remember to update this list as we fix the linked issues.

### Image Region

`update-operator.yaml` pulls operator images from ECR Public.
If you still want to pull from ECR private, replace the image endpoint to point at one of the following endpoints.

> This is not required, but pulling the image from the same region as your cluster will improve the download speed.

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is no longer required.

```suggestion
```

### Image Region

> `update-operator.yaml` pulls operator images from ECR Public.
> If you still want to pull from ECR private, replace the image endpoint to point at one of the following endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`update-operator.yaml` pulls operator images from Amazon ECR Public.
You may also choose to pull from regional Amazon ECR repositories such as the following.
```
